welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to have our
first vincent price classic with the
house on haunted hill
if you enjoy scheming and trap doors
leading to vats of acid
you should subscribe to the channel
let's get to it
we open in darkness as a halloween
compact music disc containing spooky
sound effects plays
[Music]
we then get two disembodied heads worth
of narration from pritchard who owns a
haunted house full of ghosts and where
some of his family members were murdered
and frederick lauren an eccentric
playboy who's rented the house for a
special scary party for strangers
with cash prizes to be awarded to those
who survive the night the guests arrive
shortly connected mainly in that most of
them are cash strapped and willing to do
just about anything for ten thousand
dollars even if they have to die
to get it and either through ghosts or
poor maintenance the house seems eager
to claim its prize of additional spirits
to keep it company
as they congregate we learned from mr
lauren that the party was his wife's
idea but the ghost's cash payout and
cautery of strangers was all him
seems contrary but we also learned from
annabelle that the two of them can
barely tolerate each other
frederick then announces himself
downstairs and explains the rules
they'll be locked in at midnight and
can't leave the house thereafter which
also has no power and no phones
if they live they get the cash reward
pritchard warns them of the violent
ghosts and takes them on a tour of the
murders that took place there ending at
a still active acid pit contained in the
basement
lance hangs back with nora to form an
alliance and tries to get the lowdown on
the house
as they begin searching he's closed into
a dark room and she's confronted with a
ghostly vision when nora returns with
help the door is unlocked and they find
lance inside with a goose egg on his
melon
as he's mended the doctor espouses on
the symptomology of hysteria and then
lance sneaks away with nora again
convinced whatever god adam must have
been real and left some evidence
as they examine both sides of the wall
nora gets a ghostly jump scare which is
not witnessed by lance this leads to a
slight falling out as lance refuses to
believe in that which he cannot see
such as love she trudges upstairs on her
own and meets annabelle
who shows her to her room and warns her
vaguely about steering clear of mr
lauren
and then nora goes to freshen her makeup
but finds it's been replaced by a human
head
this causes her to run until she kind of
forgets about it but then a strange man
insists that she leave with them
causing her to run down into the lounge
here we learn the two ghouls are
actually the caretakers
who then peace out early locking them
all in before midnight and taking away
any opportunity they had to back out
frederick then introduces a little
chaotic energy into the party by giving
everyone a handgun
after getting locked and loaded nora
takes the group to examine her room but
the head is now gone
even crazier she turns down dr trent's
offer of free sedatives as they all
leave
lance goes to check on her later but
finds the room empty except for the head
now hanging in the closet
he confronts pritchard who claims it was
a ghost sweat took her lance is unable
to argue the point as they're
interrupted by a scream
and they find annabelle hanging from a
rope as lance makes his way back to his
room he happens upon nora who claims to
have been grabbed
choked and left for dead by an unknown
assailant who she assumes was mr lauren
when a meeting is called lance
recommends she stay put while he sees
what's what as they discuss the best way
to survive the next six hours it
suggests that they all lock themselves
in their rooms because any innocent
person would have no reason to leave
despite the plan lance resolves to find
out what's going on so he ventures out
to a familiar hallway
and immediately traps himself in a
secret room meanwhile a ghost rope
begins to menace nora's ankles
apparently under the direction of the
spirit of annabelle as she runs from
these terrorists she's also startled by
a monster's hand
cause this place has got monsters now as
well dr trent enlists the help of mr
lauren to investigate suggesting he'd go
to the basement while the doctor checks
upstairs
it's here we learned these events are
the conceit of dr trent and annabelle
his lover they hope to contrive the
necessary circumstances through which
they can compel
nora to shoot mr lauren out of fear the
perfect crime
mr lauren's trip to the basement places
him on a collision course with death
and it works as nora pops him in the
chest and he's dragged to the acid for
good measure
when annabelle arrives she's confronted
by frederick's bones which dance a
little jig backing her into the vat
where she's eaten alive
turns out this was all a matter of
marionette as fred was hip to their
plans
having put blanks in the guns allowing
him to get the drop on dr trent and
putting him in the asset instead
with his work now done he's ready for
the proper legal channels to decide the
outcome
for him alone not the others obviously
house on haunted hill was an interesting
time capsule to revisit although it
mostly hits some fairly standard beats
and has had elements of its plot done
better by other movies you do have to
remember that most of its techniques
were novel at the time it was released
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching
[Music]